Generate-docs - need to add indentation to a table if it's a part of a list item. (#892)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

* For partner supported content packs, added support for a list of emails.
* Removed validation of README files from the ***validate*** command.
* Fixed an issue where the ***validate*** command required release notes for ApiModules pack.

> * Fixed an issue where the ***generate-docs*** command resets the numbers of the list, after table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue where the ***generate-docs*** command reset the enumeration of line numbering after an MD table.
```
